A NETFLIX ORIGINAL SERIES
C'est bon!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
No sign of Guédira.
But we have Sernine.
You got it. Captain.
Okay.
Back to Paris.
- Don't take your eyes off him.
- Of course.
Did you find my son?
Have you found my son?
Stealing jewels. trespassing. kidnapping...
We have a lot to talk about. right?
- Did you find him or not?
- Tell me where Guédira is!
Thomas. my good friend.
a few weeks ago.
we both fell victim
to a terrible injustice.
The foundation was robbed.
But we refuse to be intimidated.
That's why. this evening.
we are organizing a dinner.
Attendees will include generous donors.
Citizens who. like myself.
believe in the future of our country.
A wonderful initiative!
All young people in France.
no matter what their background is.
deserve to be inspired.
And that's our role. It's the mission
of our family's foundation.
Give them access to the nation's
greatest cultural institutions.
She can do anything.
Well. that's a great place to conclude.
And thank you to both of you.
- Thank you.
Your next appointment is downstairs. sir.
My appointment with who?
Would you please excuse me?
What did you find inside that car?
Don't answer him.
He's just screwing with us.
- But it won't work this time.
- This isn't a trick!
Was there a body or not?
- Answer my question!
- Want to know what was inside that car?
There was nothing!
What's in the trunk?
This is what was in the trunk! A soda can!
Okay? Stop pissing us off. please!
We need to stop.
- Don't even think about it.
- What?
I won't hesitate to shoot.
Calm down.
I won't escape until we reach Paris.
Good to know.
I need to use the toilet.
- Hold it.
- Can't.
- There's no bathroom.
- Sure. There.
Take him to the bathroom.
Okay. hold this.
Let's go.
Stop.
- Not coming in?
- No.
Keep it unlocked.
Hector? You can relax.
I didn't kill anyone.
I just stole some jewels. Okay?
- Hector?
- What?
- You gotta come in here.
- What for?
I can't do anything with handcuffs.
- Want a receipt?
- Uh. yeah.
Thank you.
- Have a good day.
- Thank you.
Sir! Police.
- You got a flat tire.
- I do?
- Which one?
- Back right one. Take a look.
- My bad. It was the other car.
- Belkacem!
Belkacem!
Really. Hector?
No. no. no!
Shit!
No! Fucking shit!
I don't work with cops.
Hey! Hey!
No!
Fuck.
Papa!
Hey!
No.
In here! Help me!
Oh. no.
Raoul!
Help!
Help me! Help me!
Raoul. I'm here. I'm here. It's okay!
Papa!
Help!
Hey!
- I'm here!
- Okay...
Help me!
Get me out! Open it!
Help!
Papa!
Raoul. are you okay?
I got you.
Come on!
- Where's my dad?
- I don't know.
Hey. come on!
Come on. down!
Hurry up!
Come on! Quickly!
In the car!
Get in!
Shit! How does this work?
- Who are you?
- A friend of your dad's. A cop.
I'm getting you out.
Ah. that's great!
Where's my dad?
Your dad and I. we share a passion.
Arsène Lupin.
Yeah. he's a fan?
Yeah. a pretty big fan. Me too.
Your favorite character?
- Ganimard.
- Ganimard?
Yeah. Ganimard.
He's a cop like me. so come on.
- And you?
- Arsène Lupin.
Oh. you're Lupin in Arsène Lupin.
Obvious choice.
Well. yeah.
Why Lupin? You can't choose
the best character for no reason.
He reminds me of my dad.
You know. my dad.
he's my favorite person.
That's a good reason.
Diop was in an abandoned farm.
- We sent our guys in to arrest him.
- Yeah?
He escaped again.
Oh...
Well. you still have his son.
- We do?
- What? Isn't the North African guy yours?
- Guédira? Guédira's not on the case.
- He may not be. but he has the young Diop.
His son?
Oh. yeah.
That makes things easier.
Once Diop knows we have his son.
we can stop looking.
We're gonna use his kid as bait.
He'll come right to us.
Guédira has the guy's kid.
He'll bring him to you.
We'll let Diop know that we have him.
When he shows up. you'll arrest him.
You and my men.
You're putting me in a position
that's delicate.
- We're acting outside of any procedure.
- Who gives a fuck? Dumont...
The most wanted man in France.
All of your superiors will praise you.
So...
are you in or out?
How do we know he won't call the police?
He's a player. Dumont.
A boxing match takes two.
So...
It's risky.
But worth a shot.
Hmm...
DUMONT - GREAT JOB WITH THE DIOP KID
CALL ME
What would Lupin do?
- Big fan of Lupin?
- I love it.
I CAN'T TALK. I'M DRIVING
BRING THE KID TO THE PARK HYATT HOTEL
I'LL EXPLAIN
I'M ON MY WAY
Hello.
Daddy. I've added a few introductory lines
to my speech.
- Ah...
- Do you wanna hear?
In today's world. the source of creativity
does not solely belong
to the upper social class.
The mixing and the blending of cultures.
the primary goal of this foundation.
will be the breeding ground
for innovative creativity.
It's very good.
- This the place?
- That one.
- Who are these guys?
- I don't know.
- Are you Raoul?
- Yeah.
You're Guédira?
You're with Commissioner Dumont. right?
- Yeah.
- Pascal Oblet. I'm on the force.
Why aren't you at the Hyatt?
Dumont's waiting for you there.
- The Hyatt? Why the Hyatt?
- It's dangerous here.
Dangerous? What's going on?
Did they catch him?
Guédira. just obey orders and take the kid
to the hotel. We'll chat some other time.
Everything's fine. okay?
I'll tell them you're on the way.
Go on. drive.
- Nothing to worry about.
- I'm not worrying. I'm asking.
- They'll love you.
- Thank you.
Now. don't forget to mention
the fiscal benefit.
- That's what people want.
- I know. You've told me a million times.
- Oh. don't start!
- Hey. listen. where are you going?
- My room's on the eighth floor.
- Really?
- Hmm.
- That's different.
I'm in high spirits today.
The kid is en route.
We'll order a pizza. put something on TV.
And then we just call his father.
and tell him to pick him up.
Perfect. My men are in place.
Let Diop do the rest.
- Dumont...
- Hmm?
Your tie.
Oh. yeah. Yes. sir.
A few weeks ago.
we both fell victim
to a terrible injustice.
The foundation was robbed.
But we refuse to be intimidated.
This evening. we are organizing a dinner.
Attendees will include generous donors.
Citizens who. like myself.
believe in the future of our country.
Nothing will stop us
from launching this initiative.
Have a seat here.
Mr. Bouchard will be in soon.
Hello. sir. this is Lorenzo Callegari.
the owner of the violin store.
I got your letter and.
to answer your question. uh. listen.
I think it would be appropriate
if this young man were to be punished
as severely as possible.
Keep me posted. And have a nice day.
Well. Assane Diop. so here we are again.
I don't understand. Assane.
You're attending a very good school
for free.
You're a smart boy.
And you have to ruin things.
Don't follow in your father's footsteps.
You're too young to be charged.
but we can't do nothing.
You have to take responsibility.
I've written to Mr. Callegari to ask what
would be the most appropriate punishment.
After I hear from him.
you and I will have a little chat. Clear?
What if he doesn't reply?
I'll visit his store.
This way.
Hello.
Guédira!
I underestimated you. I was wrong.
And how are you? Doing okay?
Bravo. Guédira!
Why are we here?
Where's Sernine?
Okay. listen up.
The case has gone all the way to the top.
We can't keep letting
this guy make fools of us.
People in high places want results.
so. uh. that means
I have to handle this case personally.
Also. uh.
I've received some new information.
We have reason to believe
the kid's in danger.
What information?
Well. it's confidential.
All that I can say is. if he stays
with me. the boy is safe and sound.
Thank you. Guédira.
Wait.
I don't get all this.
So. it's like that?
Do I need to convince you to obey orders?
Raoul. come here. please.
I'll leave you with Commissioner Dumont.
Everything will be fine.
When can I go home? I want to see my mom.
Don't you worry. young man.
It'll be over soon.
Hello?
- Papa?
- Raoul?
- I'm at the Hyatt Hotel.
- I'm coming! You okay?
Did they hurt you? Raoul?
Look at me.
- Tell me your name.
- Raoul.
Raoul...
Hmm...
I'm Hubert.
Hubert Pellegrini.
Tonight. I'm holding a fundraising gala
for children like you.
- Like me?
- Yes.
Whose parents are criminals
or addicts.
- My parents aren't like that.
- Oh. yeah?
Okay. tell me. what does your father do?
You don't know. huh?
I'll tell you what he does.
He does what his own father did.
He steals.
- That's not true!
- He's a thief. arrogant.
- You're lying.
- He doesn't give a damn about your family.
You're lying. it's not true!
I guess we'll see.
He's on his way here.
Don't worry.
You'll be reunited soon.
Hey. Guédira! Just the guy I need.
Somebody left this for you.
- Thank you.
- Okay. see you.
THANK YOU GANIMARD
Thank you. thank you.
Friends. colleagues. join me in welcoming
the woman who has brought us all here
tonight. Juliette Pellegrini!
Bravo!
- Bravo!
- Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you.
Good evening. everyone.
Not everyone has had the chance
to have access to culture
the way that I did when growing up.
From a young age.
I was able to visit beautiful museums.
attend wonderful operas...
There were no limits where my father
was concerned. you can imagine.
Culture should be accessible to all.
No distinctions.
That's the core mission
of this foundation.
and the reason we are reaching out
to you this evening.
You hungry?
Hmm! You're missing out. It's pretty good.
Hey.
I've never seen so much cash
in a single room.
It's crazy. it's crazy.
Thank you.
Here. take it.
- I'm trying to quit.
- Thanks.
OK. bien reçu.
Hey. sir?
Sir. hey! Hey!
Service!
That's him.
We got him. He's in the basement.
He's not down there.
Don't move!
Suspect spotted in basement.
Close kitchens.
block access to upper floors.
It would be appropriate
if this young man were to be punished
as severely as possible.
Keep me posted. And have a nice day.
Assane. you should destroy this tape.
No. that wouldn't help.
Mr. Bouchard said
if he doesn't get a response.
he'll go to the store and talk to him.
That'd be worse.
I know.
I'm informing you
that the foundation's launch party
will take place in a few weeks.
And on that evening. we will have
the chance of attending a symphony.
- Yes. sir?
- Dumont...
- We lost him.
- Think he's in the building?
Listen. I know this guy.
He's not gonna give up.
We need to get the kid out of here.
What? Are you sure?
We've lost control
of the situation. His son's our best shot.
We can't risk losing him.
- Get him out of the hotel.
- Of course.
A car will be waiting in five minutes.
One of my men will take the kid
to a secure place.
Okay. Yes. sir.
Yes. hello?
The car is here.
It's waiting in the parking lot.
Are you there yet?
Yes. we are. sir.
- The black van?
- That's right.
- As soon as the car leaves. find me.
- Very well. sir.
Come on. It's all right.
Excuse me.
- Yes?
- This is serious.
We both fell victim
to a terrible injustice.
- What?
- The foundation was robbed.
But we refuse to be intimidated.
- What's the matter?
- Sir. I... I don't understand.
Come on.
This is crazy!
Whoa!
Hello. this is Lorenzo Callegari.
I received your letter.
and to be honest. I've thought it through.
I think everyone makes mistakes
and this young man deserves
a second chance.
Besides. I've got my violin back.
It's in perfect condition.
so. I say let's let it go.
Thanks for your help. Have a good day.
You think it worked?
The principal never heard Lorenzo's voice.
so. I hope.
We both fell victim
to a terrible injustice.
The foundation was robbed.
We fell victim to a terrible injustice.
Dumont. The foundation was robbed.
The foundation was robbed.
We need to get the kid out of here.
What? Are you sure?
We've lost control
of the situation. His son's our best shot.
We both fell victim
to a terrible injustice.
- What?
- The foundation was robbed.
But we refuse to be intimidated.
Are you really a thief?
That's why they took me?
You're old enough to understand.
Twenty-five years ago.
Pellegrini framed my father.
And now.
he's targeting you.
He'll pay for that.
How far will you go. Papa?
- Mom says that you'll never change.
- Yeah.
Once I've figured all of this out.
I promise I'll change.
You know what?
I'll stop if you tell me.
Tell me and I'll stop.
No.
Continue.
I love you. son.
I love you. Papa.
Let's go home.
♪ I can see clearly now the rain is gone ♪
♪ I can see all obstacles in my way ♪
♪ Gone are the dark clouds
That had me blind ♪
♪ It's gonna be a bright ♪
♪ Bright ♪
♪ Bright. sunshiny day... ♪
24 HOURS EARLIER
FORMER INVESTIGATIVE JOURNALIST
COMMITS SUICIDE
HER FIGHT GOES ON
Excuse me. Are you finished with that?
- Mm-hm.
- Thank you.
FORMER JOURNALIST COMMITS SUICIDE
HER FIGHT GOES ON
- Why would I know about that?
- You've always known about everything.
Listen. Ben.
Raoul was taken.
I think Pellegrini's involved.
I need your help.
He's gonna find Raoul.
- He always finds a way.
- This time's different.
Listen to me.
I need to find my son.
The voice was identical to yours. sir.
- I swear!
- I said fine. Dumont!
You know. if there's one thing
I've learned in business.
you always need to have a back-up plan.
Have a drink on me. Dumont.
I need you to know I'm not intimidated.
Hmm...
You took my son.
That's the worst thing you could do.
I want my son back safe.
You want your necklace.
so. I'm here to propose an offer.
Go on.
Once I get my son back. you get the rest.
Hmm...
It's not the necklace I'm interested in.
It's Assane.
♪ I can see clearly now the rain is gone ♪
♪ I can see all obstacles in my way ♪
♪ Gone are the dark clouds
That had me blind ♪
♪ It's gonna be a bright ♪
♪ Bright ♪
♪ Bright. sunshiny day ♪
♪ It's gonna be a bright ♪
♪ Bright ♪
♪ Bright. sunshiny day ♪
♪ I think I can make it now... ♪
♪...the pain is gone ♪
♪ All of the bad feelings
Have disappeared... ♪
Finish the call.
then stay inside your room. ma'am. Okay?
Okay?
♪ It's gonna be a bright ♪
♪ Bright ♪
♪ Bright. sunshiny day... ♪
Just one moment with my son.
♪ Look all around ♪
♪ There's nothing but blue skies ♪
♪ Look straight ahead ♪
♪ Nothing but blue skies... ♪
Mom?
Raoul!
♪ I can see clearly now the rain is gone ♪
♪ I can see all obstacles in my way... ♪
Go.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm